PLEASE DO NOT ALTER THIS APPLICATION IN ANY WAY.  Send your GN registration
to randy@psg.com.  See attached detailed instructions.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - -   c u t   h e r e   - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

      0.   GN DOMAIN TEMPLATE....: 2.31  2004.11.03

      1.   REGISTRATION TYPE
         * (N)ew (M)odify (D)elete..: __TYPE

      2. * FULLY-QUALIFIED DOMAIN NAME: __FULLY_QUALIFIED_DOMAIN_NAME

      3.   ORGANIZATION INFORMATION
      3a.* Organization Name.....: __ORGANIZATION_NAME
      3b.* Address Line 1........: __ADDRESS_LINE_1
      3b.* Address Line 2........: __ADDRESS_LINE_2
      3c.* City..................: __CITY_NAME
      3d.* Postal Code...........: __POSTAL_CODE
      3e.* Country...............: __COUNTRY_NAME

      4. * DESCRIPTION OF ORG/DOMAIN: __DESCRIPTION_OF_ORG_DOMAIN

      5.   Date Operational......: __DATE_OPERATION

      6.   ADMINISTRATIVE CONTACT OF ORG/DOMAIN
      6a.  NIChandle (if known)..: __CONTACT_NIC_HANDLE
      6b.* Whole Name............: __CONTACT_WHOLE_NAME
      6c.* Organization Name.....: __CONTACT_ORGANIZATION_NAME
      6d.* Address Line 1........: __CONTACT_ADDRESS_LINE_1
      6d.  Address Line 2........: __CONTACT_ADDRESS_LINE_2
      6e.* City..................: __CONTACT_CITY_NAME
      6f.* Postal Code...........: __CONTACT_POSTAL_CODE
      6g.* Country...............: __CONTACT_COUNTRY_NAME
      6h.* Voice Phone...........: __CONTACT_PHONE
      6i.* Electronic Mailbox....: __CONTACT_EMAIL

      7.   TECHNICAL AND ZONE CONTACT
      7a.  NIChandle (if known)..: __TECHNICAL_NIC_HANDLE
      7b.* Whole Name............: __TECHNICAL_WHOLE_NAME
      7c.* Organization Name.....: __TECHNICAL_ORGANIZATION_NAME
      7d.* Address Line 1........: __TECHNICAL_ADDRESS_LINE_1
      7d.  Address Line 2........: __TECHNICAL_ADDRESS_LINE_2
      7e.* City..................: __TECHNICAL_CITY_NAME
      7f.* Postal Code...........: __TECHNICAL_POSTAL_CODE
      7g.* Country...............: __TECHNICAL_COUNTRY_NAME
      7h.* Voice Phone...........: __TECHNICAL_PHONE
      7i.* Electronic Mailbox....: __TECHNICAL_EMAIL
      7j.* Registration Mailbox..: __TECHNICAL_REGISTRATION_MAIL
      7k.  Fax Number............: __TECHNICAL_FAX_NUM

FILL OUT QUESTION 8 AND 9 FOR DELEGATIONS ONLY (i.e those organizations
running nameservers for a branch of the GN Domain namespace,

      8.   PRIMARY SERVER: HOSTNAME, NETADDRESS
      8a.* Hostname..............: __PRIMARY_SERVER_HOSTNAME
      8b.* IP Address............: __PRIMARY_SERVER_IP

      9.   SECONDARY SERVER: HOSTNAME, NETADDRESS
      9a.* Hostname..............: __SECONDARY_SERVER_HOSTNAME
      9b.* IP Address............: __SECONDARY_SERVER_IP

FILL OUT QUESTION 10 FOR DIRECT REGISTRATIONS IP HOSTS (if you answered 8 &
9, do not answer 10, 11, and 12)

     10.   RESOURCE RECORDS (RRs) FOR IP INTERNET HOSTS
     10a.* IP ADDRESS (required).: __RESOURCE_IP_RECORDS_IP
     10b.  HARDWARE .............: __RESOURCE_IP_RECORDS_HARDWARE
     10c.  OPERATING SYS ........: __RESOURCE_IP_RECORDS_OS
     10d.* MX ...................: __RESOURCE_IP_RECORDS_MX

It is your responsibility to see that an IN-ADDR pointer record is entered
in the DNS database.  Contact the administrator of the IP network your host
is on to have this done.

FILL OUT QUESTIONS 11 AND 12 FOR NON-IP HOSTS (such as UUCP)

     11.   FORWARDING HOST INFORMATION
     11a.* Forwarding Host.......: __FORWARDING_HOST
     11b.* Contact Name (req)....: __FORWARDING_CONTACT_NAME
     11c.* Contact Email (req)...: __FORWARDING_CONTACT_EMAIL

     12.   RESOURCE RECORDS (RRs) FOR NON-IP HOSTS (UUCP)
     12a.  DOMAIN NAME ..........: __RESOURCE_RECORDS_DOMAINE_NAME
     12b.  HARDWARE .............: __RESOURCE_RECORDS_HARDWARE
     12c.  OPERATING SYS ........: __RESOURCE_RECORDS_OS
     12d.* MX (required).........: 32

- - - - - - - - - - - - - -   c u t   h e r e   - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                           DISCLAIMER

By the registration of your name on the Internet, the registrar
(randy@psg.com), the IANA, the and the National Science Foundation are
accepting in good faith that you have the right to the use the name.

Our function in registering names on the Internet is to assure that the name
does not conflict with any other name in the name space requested.

The user by your registration and use of the name and/or your continued use
of an existing name, agrees, as part of your request for name registration,
to indemnify and hold harmless from any and all costs, fees, expenses
arising from litigation involving trademark, trade name, service mark, and
any other name infringements, or other reasons, the registrar, the IANA, and
the National Science Foundation.

The party requesting registration of this name certifies that to her/his
knowledge, the use of this name does not violate trademark or other
statutes.

Registering a domain name does not confer any legal rights to that name and
any disputes between parties over the rights to use a particular name are to
be settled between the contending parties using normal legal methods (See
RFC 1591).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                INSTRUCTIONS FOR THE GN DOMAIN TEMPLATE


The GN Domain Template must be sent by email to the GN Domain Registrar
(randy@psg.com) or the contact of a delegated zone.

If you are requesting delegation of a zone, do not send in the application
until you have verified that the nameservers for that zone are fully
functional and serving correct data.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

                REGISTERING A NEW GN DOMAIN NAME

Note that all starred (*) fields are mandatory, except please fill out only
one of 8-9, 10, or 11-12.

1.  REGISTRATION TYPE:  NEW, MODIFICATION, or DELETION

2.  THE NAME OF THE DOMAIN.  This is the name that will be used in
    tables and lists associating the domain with the domain server
    addresses.  See Naming Structure Table below.  The following
    formats are accepted as a GN Domain name.

       Domain Name Example:  MAGNANIMOUS.ORG.GN

    GN DOMAIN NAMING STRUCTURE

    Commercial                                   <name>.com.gn

    Schools granting baccalaureate degrees       <name>.edu.gn

    Governmental entities                        <name>.gov.gn

    Not for profit organizations                 <name>.org.gn

    Network infrastructure (i.e.routers) only    <name>.net.gn

3.  THE NAME OF THE ENTITY REPRESENTED, (i.e., ORGANIZATION, LOCALITY,
    SCHOOL, etc., being named.  The name that describes the Fully Qualified
    Domain Namee.  For example: The Networthy Corporation, not the name of
    the Network Service Provider or organization submitting the request.
    The organization must be in Guinea and be the end user of the domain.

4.  PLEASE DESCRIBE THE DOMAIN BRIEFLY. For example: The Networthy
    Corporation is a consulting organization of people working with UNIX and
    the C language in an electronic networking environment.  It sponsors two
    technical conferences annually and distributes a bimonthly newsletter.

    Registrations must be from organizations with a real presence in Guinea
    and with a demonstrable intent to use the domain name on a regular basis
    on the internet.  I.e. brand, vanity, placemark, trademark, service mark,
    etc. name registration is not appropriate.  I.e., one registration per
    organization.

    The Organization and the Adminintrative contact must be in Guinea.

5.  THE DATE YOU EXPECT THE DOMAIN TO BE FULLY OPERATIONAL.

    For every registration, we need both the administrative and the
    technical contacts of a domain (questions 6 & 7) and we MUST have a
    network mailbox for each.  If you have a NIC handle (a unique NIC
    database identifier) please enter it.  (If you don't know what a NIC
    handle is leave it blank).  Also the title, mailing address, phone
    number, organization, and network mailbox.

6.  THE NAME OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE HEAD OF THE "ORGANIZATION".  The
    administrator is the contact point for administrative and policy
    questions about the domain.  The Domain administrator should work
    closely with the personnel they have designated as the "technical
    contact" for the domain. In this example the Domain Administraror would
    be the Administrator of the Networty Corporation, not the Administrator
    of the organization running the nameserver (unless it is the same
    person).

    The Administrative contact must be in Guinea and must be within the
    organization which is registering the domain.

7.  THE NAME OF THE TECHNICAL AND ZONE CONTACT.  The technical and zone
    contact handles the technical aspects of maintaining the domain's name
    server and resolver software, and database files.  They keep the name
    server running.  This person would be the technical contact running the
    primary nameserver.  The REGISTRATION REQUEST MAILBOX (7j) is where
    domain name requests are mailed and processed for the delegated domain.
    Mailboxes names would be like: hostmaster, noc, etc).

8.  PRIMARY SERVER. If this is a request to delegate the domain name, the
    complete host name of the primary server as well as the IP address.

9.  SECONDARY SERVER.  If this is a request to delegate the domain name, the
    complete host name of the secondary server as well as the IP address.

    Domains must provide at least two independent servers that provide the
    domain service for translating names to addresses for hosts in this
    domain.  Establishing the servers in physically separate locations and
    on different PSNs and/or networks is required.  See RFC2182 for the
    rationale.

    This means that the secondary server MUST be in a physical location
    quite separate from the primary, and that the two MUST be on completely
    separate international backbone providers.

    If you wish to have more than one secondary server, merely duplicate
    section 9.

10. INTERNET HOST.  If you just wish to give a single host a domain name,
    then this option may be appropriate.

    It is your responsibility to see that an IN-ADDR pointer record is
    entered in the DNS database.  (For internet hosts only).  Contact the
    administrator of the IP network your host is on to have this done.  The
    GN Domain administration does not administer the network and cannot make
    these entries in the DNS database.

11. Many applicants have hosts in the UUCP world.  Some are one hop away,
    some two and three hops away from their "Internet Forwarder", this is
    acceptable.  What is important is getting an Internet host to be your
    forwarder.  If you do not already have an Internet forwarder, there are
    several businesses that provide this service for a fee, (see RFC 1359 -
    Connecting to the Internet What Connecting Institutions Should
    Anticipate, ACM SIGUCCS, August 1992). Sometimes local colleges in your
    area are already on the Internet and may be willing to act as an
    Internet Forwarder. You would need to work this out with the systems
    administrator.  We cannot make these arrangements for you.

     (11a) What is the name of your Internet forwarding host?  For example:
           The host yacht-club.com.gn uses UUCP to connect to RELAY.ISI.EDU
           which is an Internet host. (i.e., RELAY.ISI.EDU is the forwarding
           host).

     (11b) What is the name of your contact person at fowarding host?  The
           Administrator of RELAY.ISI.EDU must agree to be the forwarding
           host for yacht-club.com.gn, and the forwarding host must know a
           delivery method and route to Yacht Club.  No double MXing.

     (11c) What is the mailbox of your contact?
           What is the mailbox of the administrator of the forwarding
           host.

12. What domain name system (dns) resource records (rr) and values are
    to be entered for your non-IP host.  E.g.

    myname.or.gn      MX   10 mail.com.gn.
                      MX  100 backup.mail.com.gn.


PLEASE ALLOW AT LEAST TEN WORKING DAYS FOR PROCESSING THIS APPLICATION.
Remember, this is a volunteer service and the registrars and nameserver
engineers have real lives too.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - -   c u t   h e r e   - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
